DOCS-2541: Move component APIs (#3504)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/base/_index.md

weight: 10
type: "docs"
no_list: true

> description: "The base component allows you to move a mobile robot without needing to address individual components like motors."

Reviewer: Could keep the first description or do something like this 
```suggestion
description: "The base component allows you to move a mobile robot without needing to send commands to individual components like motors."
```

> description: "The base component allows your to move A moving platform together without needing to address individual components like wheels."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "The base component allows you to move a mobile robot without needing to address individual components like motors."
```

# SMEs: Steve B
---

Bases provide an API for moving all configured components attached to a platform as a whole without needing to send commands to individual components.

> If you have a platform for a robot with other components, such as wheels or legs, attached to it, use a _base_ component.

Reviewer: usage of the term components to refer to legs is a little confusing here

Reviewer 2: Maybe this?
```suggestion
If you have a mobile robot, configure a base component to coordinate the motion of its motor components.
```

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a mobile robot, use a _base_ component to coordinate the motion of its motor components.
```

- A power supply for the actuators.
- Some sort of chassis to hold everything together.

> Go to your machine's **CONFIGURE** page, and add your individual a model that supports your base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your machine's **CONFIGURE** page, and add a model that supports your base.
```

> Then add your base.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this makes sense or adds anything.

> The following list shows you the available arm models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list shows you the available base models.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## API

> To get started using your base, see the [base API](/appendix/apis/components/base/), which supports the following methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [base API](/appendix/apis/components/base/) supports the following methods:
```
I think we should be more succinct

## Next steps

For general configuration, development, and usage info, see:

{{< cards >}}
{{% card link="/how-tos/configure/" noimage="true" %}}
{{% card link="/tutorials/configure/configure-rover/" noimage="true" %}}
{{% card link="/how-tos/drive-rover/" noimage="true" %}}
{{< /cards >}}

You can also use the base component with the following services:

> - [navigation service](/services/navigation/): to navigate with GPS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Navigation service](/services/navigation/): to navigate with GPS
```
[nit]
